Create a Readme.md file for a project generated with create-react-app. This project contains simple registration form and unit tests that cover functionality to improve the quality and safety of the application. form contains such fields: 
1. text input for name
2. text input for email
3. checkbox to agree to terms
4. two radio buttons to chose a gender
 unit tests are written with react-testing-library and jest as a test runner. there are 10 tests in total that cover all necessary positive and negative test cases. Project is connected to SonarCloud.io to monitor code quality  and security of the code. Generated Readme.md should contain :
	1. test description: 2 paragraphs, 4-10 Sentences.
    2. Information on how to run tests locally.
    
ChatGPT
React Registration Form
This project is a simple registration form built with create-react-app. The form comes with key input fields including: a text input for user names, another text input for emails, a checkbox to agree to terms, and two radio buttons for gender selection. The goal of this project is to provide an intuitive and user-friendly way for users to register.

The application emphasizes quality and security. It includes unit tests that cover both positive and negative test cases to ensure robust functionality. We have written 10 comprehensive tests using the react-testing-library with jest as our test runner. To further enhance our code quality and security, we've connected the project to SonarCloud.io. This provides continuous monitoring and feedback on the quality, safety, and potential vulnerabilities in the codebase.

Running Tests Locally
If you wish to run the tests locally, follow these steps:

Install Dependencies:
Before running the tests, make sure all the necessary dependencies are installed. If you haven't done so, navigate to the project directory and run:

bash
Copy code
npm install
Run Tests:
Once the dependencies are installed, you can run the tests using the following command:

bash
Copy code
npm test
This will initiate jest and react-testing-library and run all the unit tests. Upon completion, you'll see a summary of the tests that passed or failed.

For more comprehensive information on tests or if you encounter issues, please refer to the official documentation of react-testing-library and jest.

Thank you for your interest in our React Registration Form. Contributions, suggestions, and feedback are always welcome!